Hey guys, welcome back.
OK, so in this lecture we're going to go over really
quickly how to sign up in Instagram, and this is for
people who have never used the app before.
We're also going to cover in the same process how to
create your first dummy account. What's a dummy
account? Just an account that we can use as kind of a
sandbox to play around in Instagram and not have anything
we do become permanent.
The idea is later on in the course you'll have one
permanent publishing account and then one you kind
of screw around with, it's really helpful to get used to the
user interface through the dummy account to try posting,
try commenting, try following, trying out different types
of content, different types of posts to see what
works, and then you can transfer
it to your more official account.
Like I was saying before, if you have any experience
with Instagram, please skip this lecture, I don't
want to hear about it in the comments. Otherwise,
all right, let's just go through the process and I'll kind
of walk you through it with little tips as we go along.
We'll do it in iOS and Android at the same
time, they're virtually the same thing,
so you're not really missing anything.
Okay, first things first, make sure that you download
the Instagram application, as I've done on both phones.
Just go ahead and open it and start the process.
So, you notice they are basically the
same thing. In Instagram on iOS,
it's just the colors are a little bit different.
Then on Android, no biggie.
So what you want to do is it'll ask you to sign in or
continue with your Facebook, doesn't really matter.
I'm going to hit sign up at the bottom for each one.
So I don't have an account, sign up.
Then what it does is it asks you if you want to
create your account basically through Facebook, or
if you want to do email or phone.
My preference for you guys is to do either email or phone,
specifically e-mail. Now, the reason why we do that is
because we're going to create a lot of accounts later on,
and what's going to happen is it's going to be
really hard to do that with one phone number,
and it's also going to be really hard to do that with one Facebook.
You can attach your Facebook later on to your official account,
but you'll have a lot more flexibility if you just use
e-mails, because we can create multiple e-mails, so
just do that. Then go here and just click through to
email, put in whatever e-mail you want for this one,
you know, it's the dummy, so we don't really care about it.
OK, once you get your e-mail, then you're good.
Just move along.
OK.
Then the next section... On Android,
they don't ask you for a profile photo yet.
On iOS, they do, for whatever reason. Doesn't really, I don't know.
So it'll ask you for your full name,
and usually that's because Instagram accounts are
made for people, but for you, you can be a business,
or a themed account, or a person,
doesn't really matter. For this,
it doesn't matter at all.
One thing you need to understand is that anything we enter in right now is not permanent and it's not going to matter later on.
You can change it, you can change your username, you
can change your account name, you can change your
photo, you can change pretty much anything, so you
can just put in just gibberish right now if you want to.
So I'll just put Innovation On Demand,
I don't know what that means, same thing over
here, I'll say Innovation Today. My accounts,
you'll see in the follow along, are
going to be around innovation,
that's going to be the theme I use. So over here on iOS,
we have to put a photo, so just grab whatever you have.
You also don't have to do it right now,
you can just skip it if you want.
So I'll just pick something that matches.
OK.
There we go.
You know, pick your password.
We'll just skip over this, you don't want to see my password.
Ok, then same thing.
OK.
So on iOS it's going to ask you to create a username,
on Android it's going to just welcome you.
So one thing you'll notice right off the bat is that
on Android, your full name is automatically going
to be made your username.
Those are two different things.
Again, doesn't matter, we can change
all of this later, so don't worry about it.
That's just one thing worth pointing out,
because eventually you'll try to do this later.
So on iOS, it wants us to choose a username.
And for this we'll just pick something
random, it will be ohsoinnovative.
And over here, we'll just keep the same
username, you can always change it later.
OK, so hit next. All right, so once you hit connect
to Facebook, right now we don't need to do that,
you guys can, if you want to.
It's not going to really help us in any way.
Then it wants us to add some contacts.
On iOS, I'll say no. Same thing on Android.
Then it'll ask, on Android, if you want
to add a profile photo if you want to.
Sure, I will, I'll add a similar photo.
Should be good.
Also should... No? OK.
And hit next. Great, and then Android wants to
know if you want to save your login information.
Sure, why not?
It's always worth doing.
On iOS, we can skip that, it asks us if you want to follow
more people. I generally like to give it my contacts
anyway, just because later on it becomes helpful.
But otherwise, here we are.
OK, great.
On both sides, we are at the the feed page,
which is great. If you want to go to your profile,
it's always at the bottom right here,
it's this outline of a person,
and if you want to change any of the information
we just set up, you just go over to Edit Profile.
You might think that clicking on the
profile picture itself is what you should do,
but that actually doesn't do anything,
believe it or not, or it tries to add a story, it doesn't change
your profile picture, you actually want to go to Edit Profile.
So here we can actually change everything we want, right?
So the top is your account name, here's your username,
that's your bio, and everything else like that, and
you can even change your e-mail address,
you can add your phone number at this point.
OK, guys, we'll cover the other sections of the app later on.
We'll go over the profile section, like what the
parts are, what are they called, etc. in this section,
and then we'll move on and we'll look at things like
the posting section or the search and discovery section,
so we'll kind of fill it in a little bit as you go.
Just keep looking for these UI walkthrough lectures
if you're completely brand new to Instagram.
OK, guys, make sure you have an account going
forward, because it makes it a whole lot easier.
And guess what? We just made our first dummy account so
you can screw around all you want on here and get used to it.
OK. See you next lecture.